Imagine combining Claude with the world's number one intelligence platform, Google's Notebook LM. I did this and it solves Claude's number one problem, giving Claude a long-term memory that will cut your costs and unlock capabilities that 99% of people don't even know exist yet. And in this video, I'll show you the exact setup so you can get this full system with near infinite memory with virtually zero [music] token cost with a setup that just takes a few minutes. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold my last tech startup [music] for 60,000 customers and now I teach thousands of entrepreneurs and run AI businesses of my own. So if you haven't already, grab that coffee and let's dive straight in. When you combine Claude and Notebook LM, you get a second brain. Now, what I'm going to show you in this video not only works for Claude Code Work, it also works for Claude Code as well. Now, here's the thing. Claude has what we call amnesia. What do I mean by that? Well, every session that you have with it usually, you're starting back from zero. Minus any long-term memory that you've sold in the system. And it can forget things really easily. Now, there's one tiny exception to this. I'm going to put a video on screen where I covered this yesterday, so go and check that video out on Claude Code Work if you haven't seen it. But the key point still remains. Now, it can solve this to some extent by reading loads of files, but the problem with reading files is not only does it increase your context, it also costs money, right? Which is why people run out of these tokens too quickly. And Claude themselves are working on improving it. They're doing a phenomenal job. They're shipping like crazy right now. They have so much coffee in Claude HQ. So they're all working on the stuff on memory. But the thing about Notebook LM, the world's number one research intelligence platform, is it always remembers. And it does three things that really change this whole game. Number one is it will improve memory for conversations you have in Claude Code and also in Code Work. It will cut your costs so you're not spending as many tokens to get those answers. And on top of it, also introduces so many new skills that can move your personal life or your business forward in so many different ways. But the best way to realize just how good this is is to show you across three use cases that you can implement straight away. But if you don't understand the actual benefits and what Notebook LM can do, you're not going to be able to reach its full capabilities. And so if you take a look at what Notebook LM can do within Claude, right? It's pretty cool. So look, you've got persistent project memory, which means that any decisions that you make, any rational contacts survives across every session. How freaking cool is that? It can function in that respect like a personal CRM. Decision journals really cool. Personal archive for different ideas. Institutional knowledge. So if you're onboarding new people into your team and also meeting intelligence. Any meetings you do, we can all fit into Notebook LM and we're under the careful and very studious watch of Claude Code himself with a really cool outline having a good time. Now, even from Notebook LM, we can do many things. What we call content multiplication. I'm going to show you this in a second. One source. Anything we talk about, any project, we could create podcast, video creation, social content mining, newsletter field, build presentations, audio overviews. You literally name it. Now, the first thing we need to do before we actually go ahead and get the skills is pretty much get it installed into Claude. So how do we do that? Well, I'm going to put all the links for you down below in the description. We're going to go to my classroom and grab this. Now, I've I'm basically created for you a skill that will combine all this together. There's two skills in video. The first one we're going to use here is a Claude Notebook LM skill. Not only will this install the skill and connect to Notebook LM, but it also has many features that's going to help you connect this to Claude Code Work if you wish. Beautiful. So now I'm in Claude. It's a brand new Mac, so we're going to be installing this together. So let's go ahead and drop the skill in. So what we can do is literally come down here and drop the file in. And all you're going to say is execute this skill. Simple as that and then hit enter. Let it do its wondrous thing in the background. So we're going to go ahead and use Claude Code initially to get this one installed. And what it's going to ask us to do is simply sign into Notebook LM and it's going to grab a token. So this is an unofficial connection. So it's going to go ahead, which means that somebody's basically built this Python script cuz we're going to download it from a GitHub repo. But again, it's already going to do all this stuff for us there automatically because we explain all in the skill. Then when we've done that, we'll basically sign in, we'll get the cookie. And then once we've got that token, anything that you can do in Notebook LM, the creation of projects, the creation of assets, the asking questions, we can all do from within Claude now. How incredible is that? Like that's literally insane. And you think about how powerful it is, it's rag system. It's a completely different way of doing memory, a very efficient way of doing memory. So instead of cramming in like several pages or several hundred pages of contacts about our business or meetings, we just reach over and grab the one thing that we need. And then what will happen is Claude Code runs some commands and it'll pop up with this. So we're going to say yes, open up the browser. So if you haven't authenticated yet, you're going to click on this one here and it will open a browser and then we're just going to sign in basically to Notebook LM. Wonderful. So then this will pop up and you're just going to enter in your information. And then just like that, you'll be signed into Notebook LM, which means it's all authenticated together. And once that's complete, it'll basically say Notebook LM is fully up and working and it can see your notebooks. So let's just ask it a question. Hey there, tell me the title of my last three notebooks. And then from my last latest notebook, go ahead and download for me the video that was last generated. So we'll just test and validate that it actually works fine. And then it's actually found it, which is The Mathematics of Genetic Drift. Did you know he was super interested in that? So it was a great for saving it to my downloads folder as a for example. By the way, Notebook LM can now do cinematic videos, which you're going to see in just a second. Awesome, dude. Open that up for me, please. And it literally opens up and this was made by Notebook LM, so check this out. >> The artificial intelligence industry is currently shifting from the engineering of single model prompts to the design of agent orchestration. Nation moves down the chain with each handoff. You know what? Not perfect, but genuinely impressive. Notebook LM can build assets like this for anything that you're working on. It is crazy. Now, the cool thing is not everybody's going to be using Claude Code. A lot of people live in Claude Code Work. So all you're going to do now to get into Code Work and all your Code Work chats is the following because they're different environments. I'll say, "Awesome. Now I'd like you to add Notebook LM as a Code Work skill, please." Now, the cool thing here is that Claude Code is going to generate the document for us that we can upload to Code Work as a skill because Claude Code by itself can't grab a token, so Claude Code solves that for us. Beautiful. So now it saves it to our desktop as Notebook LM skill. The code that I'm doing and by the way, all these instructions are in the file that I gave you, so you can just do the same thing. So then we click on Code Work. Then within Code Work, click on this plus, come down here to skills, click on manage skills, and over here, you're going to click on this button here at the top and click on upload a skill. And then just upload that same document. So here, we just click on this. And then you click on that skill. As you can see, it's got the description, which is awesome. Then click on open like so. And then we're going to say yeah, upload and replace. I did it earlier on my other laptop, so that's why it's showing there. That's cool. Now it's all there, ready to rock and roll. So then if I come over to new task, I should be able to validate that. Hey there, what was the last notebook that I created? Cool. I'm just going to put that down there real quick and just to validate it's actually fully connected. And it should use Notebook LM skill by itself. Here you go, running skill, fetching the result, and then it can give us some details. And then you can see in Code Work, it's now integrated fully with Notebook LM and it's pulled down the latest thing from that folder. Now, there are three critical use cases that you can implement immediately with the last one being something I think you're really, really going to want to use. The first one though is pretty crazy. And that's what I call enrichment. It's the idea of taking something that's already great in any project and it gives you the ability to get insights that are significantly deeper so you can make better decisions. For example, let's say we're in Code Work, I could be in a project which just makes this even more powerful. But let's say that I'm having a conversation here about, "Hey, what is best practice in scaling a YouTube channel to a million subscribers?" Let's say that we're having this conversation with Claude, right? And we're going back and forth and we've got all our folders, all our contacts. Now, if you haven't seen my last video, I linked it earlier on. There'll be a link down below at the end of the video as well you can check out. But what's really interesting here is that it can leverage all of your projects, all of your contacts. And what we can do then is leverage Notebook LM to get even deeper research to help us with anything that we're working on within Claude Code. For example, what I'm going to say to it now is like, "Awesome. What I'd now like you to do is to create a brand new notebook based on everything that you know about me and this conversation as well as any other additional contacts within this project. Once you've done that, come back to me and then I want you to give me a distilled 10-point insight with three core actions that I need to do immediately based on everything that you know." Very, very cool. Now, this doesn't have to be in Claude Code Work projects. This could work in Claude Code. This could work in a regular chat. But if you do this in projects, you get additional context that we can leverage. And now, this will run in the background, it'll run the skill. And all we do, guys, is we grab our coffees, we relax, and then we come back to some beautiful insights. And then everything, guys, is brought down 10 distilled insights based on this entire project. It's got over 70 sources loaded including your full channel strategy, performance data over last 30 videos, four of my top performing videos, transcripts, my school community page, and two deep website research passage on YouTube on scaling. And it's given me details like, "Hey, your channel is a conversion machine." Well, that's very generous of you to say, but we appreciate that. What I'm going to say to it now is, "Awesome. Could you just open up that Notebook LM so I can actually check out the full research that's gone into this, please?" And just like this, guys, it's got over 70 different resources, which is crazy. Occasionally, if it times out, it might miss its deep research. And as you can see, even now, it's adding all in right there, which is amazing. And if it does that, fair enough. I'll just make sure you give it that little nudge to say, "By the way, always make sure that you import that, too." Because when you come back and ask them if they imported it, it says, "Great. Yeah, it timed out." So they're going to fix it. So just make sure you always have that follow-up before getting the data. Now, this shouldn't happen a lot, but if it does, just ask if it's imported deep research. Give it that prompt ahead of time and it will just import the data for you. Having great enrichment is one thing, but when we're connected to Notebook LM via Claude Code and Claude Code Work, we can enrich our understanding and create assets programmatically, which is something that we couldn't do before. Let's say for example, this time we're in Claude Code, right? And we're asking Claude Code about some interesting things like, "Hey, what is the best strategy for a five-step sequence email campaign? I'm launching it with my client's business. I want to make sure he gets maximum conversions. What would be the best way of doing that?" So let's say we've got this right and we're presenting to our client on Tuesday. He's like, "Jack, I need a full email breakdown." Well, one of the things that we can do is obviously chat to Claude Code to build out a little bit of an understanding. It can do research, and just like in step one, we could even use Notebook LM to get the power of 40, 50, 60 different notebooks and get that deliberate insight. So, we've come back here and we've got a five-step email sequence framework, which is really cool. Decent. But, what if I say then I'm like, "Cool, well, I'm presenting this back to the client." But, what if I want to create an infographic, right? How about I say something like, "Awesome, could you do me a favor? Could you create for me an infographic in Notebook LM using some gorgeous colors, premium fonts, and then just bring that back to me, please." Now, why is this cool? This is cool because we don't pay anything in Notebook LM. Like, it's free generation for infographics, and you can generate pretty much anything you want to with it. On the top of that, I just want to explain exactly what Notebook LM can do for research in this context. It's super important. It can do deep research, give us competitive intelligence, so it isn't just emails. We can do market synthesis, so in just 20 articles and get one coherent summary, due diligence, literature review, trendspotting capabilities that would either take Claude ages to do, or it just isn't as equipped as the systems that we built over in Google. I say we built. I wasn't involved in them. Maybe they should have brought me on. That would have been a great thing. Then on top of that, we've got these project and business operations. So, postmortem analysis, we can feed in artifacts, ask why what went wrong and why, quality assurance, grounded proposals, feed in RFPs, and have that come back. Client deliverable enrichments, and even SOP and playbooks. So, the idea is that we can leverage Notebook LM to do things that act capabilities without burning any of our tokens in Claude, cuz we make the API call, and then Notebook LM does all the magic, and then we just get the actual diamond, the actual specific result back. And what this can also do is solve the issue that some people run into with Obsidian, where it blazes up your context usage, where people feel they get locked out of Claude Code work, or that they basically their tokens just go down so quickly. Using this strategy, it's like a jab, and then we get the big results back. We send off a query, it does all the processing on Google side, Notebook LM, and then we just get the beautiful insights that we can build over time. Beautiful. And just like that, it's got a five-step email sequence blueprint. Awesome, dude. Open this up for me, please. Let's take a good look at what it looks like. This is really freaking cool, guys. And again, you paid nothing for this. This is just all run. Here we go. We can open it up and take a look. This is the infographic. So, this is in our downloads. Let's go open it up. And there you go, guys. Check this out. The hook, the story, the value drop, the pitch, the closer. And bear in mind, I can specify how I want it to look. We can do many different Again, anything you can do in Notebook LM, you can effectively do with this also, which is just crazy. And this leads onto one of the largest problems that exist with Claude. And that is it's the long-term memory, and how do you actually solve it without spending an absolute fortune in Claude. Well, it turns out there's a very unique solution, and it leverages this Notebook LM connection. Now, to do this, we're going to get the second skill of the video, which is going to be available for you down below, completely for free. All you need to do is come down and click on this wrap up skill. I'm going to explain exactly what this is. So, if you think about Let me show I get down there, so I can say it right. If you check out this website here, which is what I use in my community build up the roadmap. If you come onto YouTube chat, you can chat with me in any one of my videos and ask questions and get resources from the community. Now, what's happening here under the hood when you ask a question, it is searching a vector database, and based on that database, we'll pull back guides and stuff. Right, so here's a community space about RAG. I click on this, I can see it, it's there. How on earth has it done that? Well, it's got some really interesting ways using a retrieval augmented generative system, which is really cool. Now, Notebook LM works exactly the same way. It's got a RAG system. So, let's come back over now to Claude Code work. This works in Code in exactly the same way. Now, what we need to do is add a skill. So, to do that, I want to come over here to the bottom left, click on the plus, then click on skills, and click on manage skills. Then over here, you're going to click on this one here. You can click on upload a skill, and then right here, then I click on this wrap up skill like so. And once that's done, that'll finish loading, and now it has fully uploaded. Now, how does the wrap up skill work? So, here's the idea behind it, okay? Is that you have a conversation with them. And effectively, once you've had a large session, you can activate the wrap up skill. The wrap up skill will take everything from the conversation and store it in Notebook LM. Now, think about this. You're going to basically have this wonderful, ever-growing system in Notebook LM that can effectively retrieve any information you want to with one simple call, meaning that all of your data stays exactly in one place without you having to build up an insane context window in Claude. So, for example, if I come down here, and I do the wrap up skill like so, I click on wrap up. Once I've done in a large conversation, and it's contained lots of useful information, I go {slash} wrap up. And this is now going to go through everything, update the to-do list, and run you through a particular process. So, what this is going to do is see if you have a brain notebook set up. And if you don't, it will prompt you to create one. And effectively, we're going to have Jack's brain that lives in Notebook LM. And essentially, every big session I have, we're going to go ahead, and we're going to store all the information over there. Now, here's the cool thing. I have a Jack's brain already. So, what this is going to do now is go through the entire session and just store all that stuff in long-term memory, meaning that we can recall it whenever we're doing any key projects without having to rely on the kind of temporal nature of the memory within a Claude session. Now, guys, check this out. I've now got Jack's AI brain. I click on it, and now look how cool this is. This report summarizes a strategic planning session. And look, session summary, the 29th of March, 2026. I click on it, and look, it's got everything on there. This document provides blah blah blah, what we did. And you go down, and it summarizes the entirety of Claude. Now, this is how you take it to an even further high level. I come back over to Claude. Now, anytime I want to think about a decision, or anytime using it, I can always say to Claude, "Hey." And it can even add it. Here's where it gets crazy. In your instructions on the right-hand side. So, for example, if you are in a project like YouTube, for example, within Claude Code work, you can add in instructions here. And I can say to it, "Hey, whatever you" For example, if I just type this up, and I just say something like, "Context." Okay, what that does is that's a feature I'm using within Glider. Glider is what I've been using here, which is really cool. You can actually add these snippets where you basically write down a word and it throws in there. One of the things I can add in addition to that is I can come down, and I can be like, "Whenever answering questions about strategy, always consult the Jack brain.md within Notebook LM." Okay, beautiful, done. Then I click save. Why is that so freaking cool? Because now I do one simple API call, I get access to everything, and it does a semantic search. Think about having Harry Potter a million books, or a million books, Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings. If I had to process all that information at the same time, guys, I'd be here a long time. Using it this way, it will find and draw back the very specific things we need, meaning we get way better insights using this Notebook LM strategy within Claude. It works in Code work, it also works in Code. It is universal and solves the biggest problem that we've got at the moment. And so, hopefully, you can see this potential. Now, if you want to get your 7-day robot, I've got a free trial in the group running till Sunday, so I'll put a link at the top of the description for you. But, it does bring us onto a really important question, which is, now we know how to leverage this beautiful memory system, how do we actually get the most out of Claude Code work? And how can we use this project feature to get light-years ahead of everybody else? Well, we're going to learn that by watching this video right here.